are you doing this big motherfucking
sugar land surprise on motherfucking
YouTube and I don't remember him where I
got this motherfucking request from I
don't hopefully the young saying comment
below and let me know it was there not I
can't find out I can't figure out who I
got it from but the other day I got an
inbox from a little girl that I think
she's a high schooler I'm not really
sure but i got i got a request from her
asking um what do you do when your
ex-boyfriends new girlfriend won't keep
your mother fucking name out our mother
fucking mouth alright so i got a lot of
experience in this cuz i'm usually a
humble motherfucker person i may be loud
mouth and I be maybe cutting on vulgar
and cuss allowed or whatever but I'm
actually a really nice person and you
know when when I make a motherfucker an
ex I'm making them an ex for a reason
there has been a few I've been young a
little bit more in love with or whatever
but and went back to him or whatever but
usually if you're my ex I'm done with
you now I do have a couple of baby
daddies and my first one he's real bad
at this real bad at this my first baby
that he would get girlfriend after
motherfucker girlfriend he's the type of
man that will clean any motherfucking
kid he don't give a fuck what color they
are ok he's black his mother fucking
night bitch but he will claim a baby
wider than this bitch ok wider than this
he will claim the baby wider than this
and yeah every single fucking time he
gets a new girlfriend he shuts he shuts
my kids out fuck it I mean now we don't
even care anymore you know I'm saying
this hurt mostly like when we first when
we first broke up or whatever now I
don't really give a fuck it was not take
care of my kids by myself I don't even
ask for help for him no more
but when I did try to get ahold of him
the last time I tried get home literally
I only tried to give him a mother
fucking picture bitch here's a picture
of your daughter this motherfucking he
he lets his mother fucking girlfriend
come back with his nasty ass message
talking about bitch he don't want you I
know you wanna fuck him we're married
now we we don't bitch I'll give a fuck
you know many times he asked me to marry
his ass I am not tripping on you I
simply asked him if you wanted a picture
of his child and that was it I didn't
say nothin else two in him I do not want
his retarded ass Omar looking ass ok
this motherfucker got Chiclets for teeth
I am not tripping over a short stubby
motherfucker that looks like a retard
omar s when chiclet teeth i'm sorry i'm
not tripping on him up for an he ain't
circumcised bitch I'm not tripping on
that dick please believe ok cheese dick
is not my best subject I have had cheese
dick before obviously but it's not
something that I like to go back to very
often ok I'm just saying if you want to
roll back that big ass motherfucking
ain't either looking ass dick and suck
the shit out of the bitch you go for it
cuz I don't fucking walnuts now how to
handle this bitch I tried going to her
and being like look we women about this
this is for the kids I don't want that
motherfucker I'm trying to get him to
have a relationship with his daughter
that is it she won't hear that so big
Shirley had to fluff up her mother
fucking ponytail bitch and be like look
here all I will smash your face into the
concrete and use you a sidewalk chalk
bitch I don't give no fucks about you ok
I will fuck you up I got raises all over
my motherfucking house I will pull a box
cutter out and I will slice you up like
Freddy Krueger I'm not playing with you
bitch do not fuck with me
bitch is a stupid and if you one of
these girlfriends if you want these
girlfriends at trip because your man's
baby mama want to keep in his life for
the kids and that's it she never said
nothing out of pocket but you keep
acting like she is bitch you need a
fucking broom stick rammed up your ass
for real you need someone to really take
you by the motherfucking esophagus and
just squeeze it until your fucking
eyeballs pop out because you're the type
of bitch that makes it hard for these
kids to not have relationships with a
fathers and that's a fucked up bitch
just saying beat the bitch up ok any
y'all baby mamas or ex-girlfriends that
having probably beat the bitch up just
fucking smack in the face and tell her
to back the fuck up that's how I handle
it sure would beat that bitch up I'm get
no fuck I'm tired of being nice to these
raggedy ass bitches honey don't nobody
want what we already had ok we left them
for mother fucking reason we don't want
what you got in fact good luck to you
honey because he's fucked up all right
he's fucked up in the head you can have
all that I don't want to cheat in lying
motherfucker I don't want a motherfucker
that's gonna fucking young zine just uh
just just he's stupid he just lies about
the stupidest shit I can't I just can't
I can't do it I don't want that shit I
don't want dash I didn't want it when I
had it I was trying to leave his ass
years ago I was trying to leave him
before I actually left them so I didn't
even want it when i had it why the fuck
what I want it now beat that bitch up
I'm just saying whoop the hat trick
bitch whoop that trick motherfucker all
right so I'm out y'all if you got any
more motherfucking topics put them down
here below or you can inbox me and let
me know what you want to hear I try to
respond to everybody you
sometimes I slip up if I haven't
responded to you just write me back I
promise I'll get to you I promise so
until then holla at you later bitch